#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile autogluon.in
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.6.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
adagio==0.2.6
    # via fugue
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.8.1
    # via ray
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
alembic==1.15.2
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autogluon==1.3.0
    # via -r autogluon.in
autogluon-common==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-core[all,raytune]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-features==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-multimodal==1.3.0
    # via autogluon
autogluon-tabular[all,catboost,lightgbm,xgboost]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
autogluon-timeseries[all]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   autogluon
    #   autogluon-timeseries
beartype==0.20.2
    # via plum-dispatch
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via gdown
blis==1.3.0
    # via thinc
boto3==1.38.10
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
catboost==1.2.8
    # via autogluon-tabular
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.0
    # via weasel
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
colorful==0.5.6
    # via ray
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.15
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==2.14.4
    # via evaluate
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
einops==0.8.1
    # via autogluon-tabular
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
fastai==2.8.1
    # via autogluon-tabular
fastcore==1.8.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
    #   fasttransform
fastdownload==0.0.7
    # via fastai
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fasttransform==0.0.2
    # via fastai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec[http]==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   mlforecast
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   triad
fugue==0.9.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   statsforecast
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
gdown==5.2.0
    # via nlpaug
gluonts==0.16.1
    # via autogluon-timeseries
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.40.0
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via catboost
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
huggingface-hub[torch]==0.30.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via autogluon-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lightgbm==4.6.0
    # via autogluon-tabular
lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   model-index
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   catboost
    #   fastai
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mlforecast==0.13.6
    # via autogluon-timeseries
model-index==0.1.11
    # via openmim
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via ray
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==1.38.0
    # via plotly
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   hyperopt
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nlpaug==1.1.11
    # via autogluon-multimodal
nltk==3.9.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
    #   window-ops
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   blis
    #   catboost
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gluonts
    #   hyperopt
    #   imageio
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   nlpaug
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   safetensors
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   spacy
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   triad
    #   utilsforecast
    #   window-ops
    #   xgboost
nvidia-ml-py3==7.352.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opendatalab==0.0.10
    # via openmim
openmim==0.3.9
    # via autogluon-multimodal
openxlab==0.0.11
    # via opendatalab
optuna==4.3.0
    # via mlforecast
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via model-index
orjson==3.10.18
    # via autogluon-timeseries
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlforecast
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   utilsforecast
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   catboost
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   gluonts
    #   mlforecast
    #   nlpaug
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   triad
    #   utilsforecast
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via virtualenv
plotly==6.0.1
    # via catboost
plum-dispatch==2.5.7
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fasttransform
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via ray
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   transformers
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-common
py-spy==0.4.0
    # via ray
py4j==0.10.9.9
    # via hyperopt
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   datasets
    #   ray
    #   triad
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via opendatalab
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   confection
    #   gluonts
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via autogluon-multimodal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via autogluon-multimodal
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   model-index
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   ray
    #   timm
    #   transformers
ray[default,tune]==2.44.1
    # via autogluon-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fastai
    #   gdown
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nlpaug
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   opendatalab
    #   openmim
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
safetensors[numpy,torch]==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-features
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   fastai
    #   mlforecast
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   seqeval
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   catboost
    #   fastai
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via transformers
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via autogluon-multimodal
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   fs
    #   hyperopt
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   triad
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   weasel
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.5
    # via
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   fastai
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
statsforecast==2.0.1
    # via autogluon-timeseries
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via statsforecast
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via openmim
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via ray
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
thinc==8.3.6
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.3
    # via autogluon-multimodal
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toolz==0.12.1
    # via gluonts
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-tabular
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   safetensors
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.7.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   fastai
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   autogluon-common
    #   autogluon-core
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   opendatalab
    #   optuna
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   spacy
    #   statsforecast
    #   transformers
transformers[sentencepiece]==4.49.0
    # via
    #   autogluon-multimodal
    #   autogluon-timeseries
triad==0.9.8
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
typer==0.15.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gluonts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   plum-dispatch
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
utilsforecast==0.2.10
    # via
    #   autogluon-timeseries
    #   mlforecast
    #   statsforecast
virtualenv==20.31.1
    # via ray
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
window-ops==0.0.15
    # via mlforecast
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via smart-open
xgboost==3.0.0
    # via autogluon-tabular
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
