#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile aws-opentelemetry-distro.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
aws-opentelemetry-distro==0.9.0
    # via -r aws-opentelemetry-distro.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-b3
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
opentelemetry-api==1.27.0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aio-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asyncpg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto3sqs
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-cassandra
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-confluent-kafka
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-jinja2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysqlclient
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymemcache
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-remoulade
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlite3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-system-metrics
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tornado
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tortoiseorm
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-aws-xray
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-b3
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-jaeger
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-ot-trace
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-distro==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.27.0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.27.0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.27.0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.48b0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aio-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asyncpg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto3sqs
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-cassandra
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-confluent-kafka
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-jinja2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysqlclient
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymemcache
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-remoulade
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlite3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-system-metrics
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tornado
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tortoiseorm
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aio-pika==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.48b0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asyncpg==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto3sqs==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-cassandra==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-confluent-kafka==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi==0.48b0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysqlclient
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlite3
opentelemetry-instrumentation-django==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-jinja2==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysql==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-mysqlclient==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymemcache==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-remoulade==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlite3==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-system-metrics==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-tornado==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-tortoiseorm==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi==0.48b0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
opentelemetry-propagator-aws-xray==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore
opentelemetry-propagator-b3==1.27.0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-propagator-jaeger==1.27.0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-propagator-ot-trace==0.48b0
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-proto==1.27.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.27.0
    # via
    #   aws-opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-distro
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-propagator-ot-trace
    #   opentelemetry-sdk-extension-aws
opentelemetry-sdk-extension-aws==2.0.2
    # via aws-opentelemetry-distro
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.48b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asyncpg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto3sqs
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-cassandra
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymemcache
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-remoulade
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tornado
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tortoiseorm
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-util-http==0.48b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-starlette
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-tornado
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-falcon
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy
protobuf==4.25.7
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   opentelemetry-proto
psutil==6.1.1
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-system-metrics
requests==2.32.3
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aio-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiohttp-client
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-aiopg
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto3sqs
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-cassandra
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-confluent-kafka
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-jinja2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymemcache
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pyramid
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-urllib3
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
