#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets.in
#
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk-assets==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk-aws-acmpca==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
aws-cdk-aws-apigateway==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-sns
aws-cdk-aws-cognito==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-ec2==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-ecr==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-efs==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-events==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-iam==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-kms==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
aws-cdk-aws-lambda==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-logs==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-route53==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets==1.204.0
    # via -r aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets.in
aws-cdk-aws-s3==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
aws-cdk-aws-signer==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-sns==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-sqs==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
aws-cdk-aws-ssm==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
aws-cdk-core==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-custom-resources==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
aws-cdk-cx-api==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-region-info==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-core
cattrs==24.1.3
    # via jsii
constructs==3.4.344
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via jsii
jsii==1.111.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jsii
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via jsii
