#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile aws-parallelcluster.in
#
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
aws-cdk-assets==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk-aws-acmpca==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
aws-cdk-aws-apigateway==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-batch==1.204.0
    # via aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-codebuild==1.204.0
    # via aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-codecommit==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
aws-cdk-aws-cognito==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb==1.204.0
    # via aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-ec2==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-ecr==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecs==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-batch
aws-cdk-aws-efs==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-events==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-fsx==1.204.0
    # via aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-iam==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-imagebuilder==1.204.0
    # via aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-kinesis==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
aws-cdk-aws-kms==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
aws-cdk-aws-lambda==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-logs==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-route53==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-s3==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
aws-cdk-aws-sam==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-signer==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-sns==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
aws-cdk-aws-sqs==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-ssm==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions==1.204.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
aws-cdk-core==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-imagebuilder
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-parallelcluster
aws-cdk-custom-resources==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
aws-cdk-cx-api==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-cdk-region-info==1.204.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-core
aws-parallelcluster==3.13.0
    # via -r aws-parallelcluster.in
boto3==1.38.10
    # via aws-parallelcluster
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via jsii
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via connexion
connexion==2.13.1
    # via aws-parallelcluster
constructs==3.4.344
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   connexion
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via jsii
inflection==0.5.1
    # via connexion
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   flask
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.85.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-imagebuilder
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   constructs
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via connexion
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via aws-parallelcluster
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   marshmallow
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-imagebuilder
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via connexion
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via aws-parallelcluster
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk-aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-fsx
    #   aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-imagebuilder
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
    #   jsii
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   jsii
    #   referencing
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via
    #   aws-parallelcluster
    #   connexion
    #   flask

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
