#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile benchmark-runner.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via msrestazure
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via benchmark-runner
azure==4.0.0
    # via benchmark-runner
azure-applicationinsights==0.1.1
    # via azure
azure-batch==4.1.3
    # via azure
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via msrest
azure-cosmosdb-nspkg==2.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-cosmosdb-table==1.0.6
    # via azure
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via azure
azure-eventgrid==1.3.0
    # via azure
azure-graphrbac==0.40.0
    # via azure
azure-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure
azure-loganalytics==0.1.1
    # via azure
azure-mgmt==4.0.0
    # via azure
azure-mgmt-advisor==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-authorization==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batch==5.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batchai==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-billing==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cdn==3.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-commerce==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-compute==4.6.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-consumption==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==1.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==2.8.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerservice==4.4.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datafactory==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg==3.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datamigration==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devspaces==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-dns==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventhub==2.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-hanaonazure==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothub==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-logic==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementpartner==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-maps==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-media==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-monitor==0.5.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-msi==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-network==2.7.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-notificationhubs==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-rdbms==1.9.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-redis==5.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-relay==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-reservations==0.2.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-resource==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-scheduler==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-search==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicebus==0.5.3
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-signalr==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-sql==0.9.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-storage==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-subscription==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-web==0.35.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-nspkg
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-nspkg
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
azure-servicebus==0.21.1
    # via azure
azure-servicefabric==6.3.0.0
    # via azure
azure-servicemanagement-legacy==0.20.8
    # via azure
azure-storage-blob==1.5.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-storage-file==1.4.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-queue==1.4.0
    # via azure
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
benchmark-runner==1.0.801
    # via -r benchmark-runner.in
boto3==1.33.13
    # via benchmark-runner
botocore==1.33.13
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dateparser==1.2.1
    # via prometheus-api-client
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via pygithub
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
elasticsearch==7.16.1
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via benchmark-runner
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
google-api-core==2.25.0rc0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.135.0
    # via benchmark-runner
google-auth==2.30.0
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via benchmark-runner
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
httmock==1.4.0
    # via prometheus-api-client
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via ipywidgets
ipython==9.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via benchmark-runner
isodate==0.7.2
    # via msrest
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via prometheus-api-client
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.5
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msal==1.32.3
    # via azure-datalake-store
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
myst-parser==1.0.0
    # via benchmark-runner
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   prometheus-api-client
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openshift-client==1.0.17
    # via benchmark-runner
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   prometheus-api-client
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   openshift-client
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-api-client==0.5.1
    # via benchmark-runner
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.55
    # via benchmark-runner
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   myst-parser
    #   openshift-client
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
regex==2024.11.6
    # via dateparser
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   google-api-core
    #   httmock
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   prometheus-api-client
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   msrest
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.8.2
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   msrestazure
    #   openshift-client
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==5.0.0
    # via
    #   benchmark-runner
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via benchmark-runner
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via benchmark-runner
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.3
    # via benchmark-runner
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typeguard==2.12.1
    # via benchmark-runner
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via benchmark-runner
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via azure-core
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via dateparser
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
