#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile bioversions.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
bioregistry[align]==0.12.13
    # via bioversions
bioversions==0.8.0
    # via -r bioversions.in
cachier==3.1.2
    # via bioversions
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
class-resolver==0.6.0
    # via bioregistry
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   click-default-group
    #   more-click
    #   pystow
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via bioversions
curies==0.10.16
    # via bioregistry
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via bioversions
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via bioregistry
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
fairsharing-client==0.1.0
    # via bioregistry
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
lxml==5.4.0
    # via bioversions
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
more-click==0.1.2
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via fairsharing-client
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.5
    # via pandas
packaging==25.0
    # via marshmallow
pandas==2.2.3
    # via bioregistry
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via cachier
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via bioversions
pydantic[email]==2.11.4
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   curies
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pystow==0.7.0
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   fairsharing-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytrie==0.4.0
    # via curies
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   fairsharing-client
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   fairsharing-client
    #   pystow
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pytrie
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   bioregistry
    #   bioversions
    #   fairsharing-client
    #   pystow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   class-resolver
    #   curies
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pystow
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via cachier
