#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dbt-bigquery.in
#
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via agate
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
colorama==0.4.6
    # via dbt-common
daff==1.4.2
    # via dbt-core
db-dtypes==1.4.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
dbt-adapters==1.14.8
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-bigquery==1.9.1
    # via -r dbt-bigquery.in
dbt-common==1.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-core==1.9.4
    # via dbt-bigquery
dbt-extractor==0.6.0
    # via dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.7.4
    # via dbt-core
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via dbt-common
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
google-auth==2.40.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery[pandas]==3.31.0
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-dataproc==5.18.1
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-dataproc
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   dbt-common
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.14
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via mashumaro
networkx==3.4.2
    # via dbt-core
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas-gbq==0.28.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydata-google-auth==1.9.1
    # via pandas-gbq
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via agate
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   snowplow-tracker
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
snowplow-tracker==1.1.0
    # via dbt-core
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via dbt-core
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   snowplow-tracker
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
