#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dissect.in
#
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via dissect-fve
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via dissect-target
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   dissect-etl
    #   dissect-hypervisor
    #   dissect-target
dissect==3.18
    # via -r dissect.in
dissect-archive==1.5
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-btrfs==1.7
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-cim==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-clfs==1.10
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-cstruct==4.4
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-archive
    #   dissect-btrfs
    #   dissect-cim
    #   dissect-clfs
    #   dissect-esedb
    #   dissect-etl
    #   dissect-eventlog
    #   dissect-evidence
    #   dissect-executable
    #   dissect-extfs
    #   dissect-fat
    #   dissect-ffs
    #   dissect-fve
    #   dissect-hypervisor
    #   dissect-jffs
    #   dissect-ntfs
    #   dissect-ole
    #   dissect-regf
    #   dissect-shellitem
    #   dissect-sql
    #   dissect-squashfs
    #   dissect-target
    #   dissect-thumbcache
    #   dissect-vmfs
    #   dissect-volume
    #   dissect-xfs
dissect-esedb==3.15
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-etl==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-eventlog==3.10
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-evidence==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-executable==1.8
    # via dissect
dissect-extfs==3.13
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-fat==3.12
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-ffs==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-fve==4.1
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-hypervisor==3.17
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-jffs==1.4
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-ntfs==3.14
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-ole==3.10
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-regf==3.12
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-shellitem==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-sql==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-squashfs==1.9
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-target[full]==3.21
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-thumbcache==1.10
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-util==3.20
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-archive
    #   dissect-btrfs
    #   dissect-cim
    #   dissect-esedb
    #   dissect-etl
    #   dissect-eventlog
    #   dissect-evidence
    #   dissect-executable
    #   dissect-extfs
    #   dissect-fat
    #   dissect-ffs
    #   dissect-fve
    #   dissect-hypervisor
    #   dissect-jffs
    #   dissect-ntfs
    #   dissect-ole
    #   dissect-regf
    #   dissect-shellitem
    #   dissect-sql
    #   dissect-squashfs
    #   dissect-target
    #   dissect-thumbcache
    #   dissect-vmfs
    #   dissect-volume
    #   dissect-xfs
dissect-vmfs==3.11
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-volume==3.14
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
dissect-xfs==3.12
    # via
    #   dissect
    #   dissect-target
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
flow-record==3.19
    # via dissect-target
fusepy==3.0.1
    # via dissect-target
ipython==9.2.0
    # via dissect-target
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via flow-record
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via
    #   dissect-fve
    #   dissect-target
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via dissect-target
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
structlog==25.3.0
    # via dissect-target
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via dissect-target
