#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile docassemble-demo.in
#
3to2==1.1.1
    # via docassemble-base
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twilio
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
alembic==1.15.2
    # via docassemble-base
anyio==4.9.0
    # via docassemble-base
arrow==1.3.0
    # via ics
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via docassemble-base
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via docassemble-base
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via docassemble-base
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
    #   ics
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via docassemble-base
azure-core==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.21.0
    # via docassemble-base
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via docassemble-base
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via docassemble-base
azure-storage-blob==12.25.1
    # via docassemble-base
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxcompose
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via docassemble-base
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via docassemble-base
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via docassemble-base
bleach==6.2.0
    # via docassemble-base
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   flask
    #   flask-mail
boto==2.49.0
    # via docassemble-base
boto3==1.37.28
    # via docassemble-base
botocore==1.37.28
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   docassemble-base
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-auth
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   docassemble-base
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via docassemble-base
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   docassemble-base
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   flask
    #   nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via docassemble-base
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via docassemble-base
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
convertapi==2.0.0
    # via docassemble-base
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msal
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   docassemble-base
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   docassemble-base
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pikepdf
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via docassemble-base
docassemble-backports==1.0
    # via docassemble-base
docassemble-base==1.7.4
    # via docassemble-demo
docassemble-demo==1.7.4
    # via -r docassemble-demo.in
docassemble-pattern==3.6.7
    # via docassemble-base
docassemble-textstat==0.7.2
    # via docassemble-base
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   num2words
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   readme-renderer
docxcompose==1.4.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxtpl
docxtpl==0.19.1
    # via docassemble-base
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via docassemble-base
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   flask-mail
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via docassemble-base
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   docassemble-base
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docassemble-pattern
geographiclib==2.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   geopy
geopy==2.4.1
    # via docassemble-base
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via docassemble-base
google-auth==2.17.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via docassemble-base
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.11.0
    # via docassemble-base
google-cloud-vision==3.10.1
    # via docassemble-base
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-resumable-media
google-i18n-address==3.1.1
    # via docassemble-base
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
googledrivedownloader==1.1.0
    # via docassemble-demo
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via docassemble-base
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
guess-language-spirit==0.5.3
    # via docassemble-base
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
hyphenate==1.1.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docassemble-textstat
ics==0.7.2
    # via docassemble-demo
id==1.5.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   docassemble-base
    #   requests
    #   yarl
img2pdf==0.6.0
    # via docassemble-base
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via docassemble-base
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via docassemble-base
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   keyring
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via docassemble-base
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   secretstorage
jellyfish==1.2.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   us
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxtpl
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   docassemble-base
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   nltk
keyring==25.6.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.3.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxcompose
    #   docxtpl
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
mako==1.3.9
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   docassemble-base
markdown==3.7
    # via docassemble-base
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via docassemble-demo
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
msal==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   docassemble-base
msrest==0.7.1
    # via docassemble-base
multidict==6.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
    #   yarl
namedentities==1.9.4
    # via docassemble-base
nh3==0.2.21
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   readme-renderer
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docassemble-pattern
num2words==0.5.14
    # via docassemble-base
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docassemble-pattern
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via docassemble-base
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via docassemble-base
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pylatex
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   docassemble-base
    #   matplotlib
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   twine
pandas==2.2.3
    # via docassemble-base
passlib==1.7.4
    # via docassemble-base
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via docassemble-base
phonenumbers==9.0.2
    # via docassemble-base
pikepdf==9.6.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   img2pdf
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   docassemble-base
    #   img2pdf
    #   matplotlib
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
pkginfo==1.12.1.2
    # via docassemble-base
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pytest
ply==3.11
    # via docassemble-base
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via docassemble-base
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via docassemble-base
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   docassemble-base
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via docassemble-base
pycryptodomex==3.22.0
    # via docassemble-base
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   msal
    #   twilio
pylatex==1.4.2
    # via docassemble-base
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via docassemble-base
pytest==8.3.5
    # via docassemble-base
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   docassemble-base
    #   ics
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxcompose
    #   docxtpl
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via docassemble-base
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via docassemble-base
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via docassemble-base
pyzbar==0.1.9
    # via docassemble-base
qrcode==8.1
    # via docassemble-base
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   nltk
reportlab==4.3.1
    # via docassemble-base
repoze-lru==0.7
    # via docassemble-base
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   convertapi
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-i18n-address
    #   googledrivedownloader
    #   id
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twilio
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   twine
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   ruamel-yaml-bytes
    #   ruamel-yaml-string
ruamel-yaml-bytes==0.1.0
    # via docassemble-base
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruamel-yaml-string==0.1.1
    # via docassemble-base
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   docassemble-base
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docassemble-pattern
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via docassemble-base
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   azure-core
    #   docassemble-base
    #   docxcompose
    #   google-auth
    #   ics
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   docassemble-base
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via docassemble-base
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   docassemble-base
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   docassemble-base
tatsu==5.13.1
    # via ics
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   docassemble-base
titlecase==2.4.1
    # via docassemble-base
toml==0.10.2
    # via docassemble-base
tomli==2.2.1
    # via docassemble-base
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   nltk
twilio==9.5.1
    # via docassemble-base
twine==6.1.0
    # via docassemble-base
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   docassemble-base
    #   python-docx
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via docassemble-base
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   user-agents
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   ua-parser
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docassemble-base
    #   requests
    #   twine
us==3.2.0
    # via docassemble-base
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via docassemble-base
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via docassemble-base
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   docassemble-base
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   docassemble-base
xfdfgen==0.4
    # via docassemble-base
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via docassemble-base
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via docassemble-base
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via docassemble-base
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   docassemble-base
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   docassemble-base
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
