#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile edx-enterprise.in
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via edx-tincan-py35
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.3.0
    # via openedx-events
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
bleach==6.2.0
    # via edx-enterprise
boto3==1.38.10
    # via snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
celery==5.5.2
    # via edx-enterprise
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   paramiko
    #   pgpy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-xml
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-cache-memoize==0.2.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-config-models==2.9.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via edx-enterprise
django-filter==25.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-oauth-toolkit==3.0.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==5.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-simple-history==3.8.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise==5.13.3
    # via -r edx-enterprise.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==2.1.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-tincan-py35==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via edx-enterprise
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via openedx-events
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via code-annotations
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsondiff==2.2.1
    # via edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via edx-enterprise
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.5.3
    # via celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
newrelic==10.11.0
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
openai==1.77.0
    # via edx-enterprise
openedx-events==10.1.0
    # via edx-enterprise
packaging==25.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via edx-enterprise
path==17.1.0
    # via path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via edx-enterprise
pbr==6.1.1
    # via stevedore
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via edx-enterprise
pillow==11.2.1
    # via edx-enterprise
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via snowflake-connector-python
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via pgpy
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==4.12.1
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-enterprise
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   jsondiff
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rules==3.5
    # via edx-enterprise
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-enterprise
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.15.0
    # via edx-enterprise
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via kombu
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via edx-enterprise
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
