#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile horizon.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   enmerkar
    #   horizon
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cliff==4.9.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
cmd2==2.5.11
    # via cliff
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   futurist
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-compressor
    #   enmerkar
    #   horizon
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via horizon
django-debreach==2.1.0
    # via horizon
dogpile-cache==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via horizon
fasteners==0.19
    # via oslo-concurrency
futurist==3.1.1
    # via horizon
gnureadline==8.2.13
    # via cmd2
horizon==25.3.0
    # via -r horizon.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via warlock
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.10.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
libsass==0.23.0
    # via horizon
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via oslo-serialization
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-neutronclient
openstacksdk==4.5.0
    # via
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==4.0.0
    # via python-neutronclient
oslo-concurrency==7.1.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   osprofiler
oslo-config==9.7.1
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.7.1
    # via
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-policy
oslo-i18n==6.5.1
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-log==7.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
oslo-policy==4.5.1
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
oslo-serialization==5.7.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-policy
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-upgradecheck==2.5.0
    # via horizon
oslo-utils==8.2.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
osprofiler==4.2.0
    # via horizon
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via openstacksdk
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-novaclient
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via python-glanceclient
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==9.7.0
    # via horizon
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via oslo-log
python-glanceclient==4.8.0
    # via horizon
python-keystoneclient==5.6.0
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   python-neutronclient
python-neutronclient==11.4.0
    # via horizon
python-novaclient==18.9.0
    # via horizon
python-swiftclient==4.7.0
    # via horizon
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   horizon
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-utils
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via django-compressor
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-swiftclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via django-compressor
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via horizon
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
warlock==2.0.1
    # via python-glanceclient
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
webob==1.8.9
    # via osprofiler
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient
xstatic==1.0.3
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular==1.8.2.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular-bootstrap==2.5.0.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular-fileupload==12.2.13.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular-gettext==2.4.1.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular-lrdragndrop==1.0.2.6
    # via horizon
xstatic-angular-schema-form==0.8.13.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-bootstrap-datepicker==1.4.0.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-bootstrap-scss==3.4.1.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-bootswatch==3.3.7.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-d3==3.5.17.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-font-awesome==6.2.1.1
    # via horizon
xstatic-hogan==2.0.0.3
    # via horizon
xstatic-jasmine==2.4.1.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-jquery==3.5.1.1
    # via
    #   horizon
    #   xstatic-jquery-ui
xstatic-jquery-migrate==3.3.2.1
    # via horizon
xstatic-jquery-quicksearch==2.0.3.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-jquery-tablesorter==2.14.5.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-jquery-ui==1.13.0.1
    # via horizon
xstatic-jsencrypt==2.3.1.1
    # via horizon
xstatic-mdi==1.6.50.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-objectpath==1.2.1.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-rickshaw==1.5.1.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-roboto-fontface==0.5.0.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-smart-table==1.4.13.2
    # via horizon
xstatic-spin==1.2.5.3
    # via horizon
xstatic-term-js==0.0.7.0
    # via horizon
xstatic-tv4==1.2.7.0
    # via horizon

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
