#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile invenio-app-rdm.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   flask-alembic
    #   invenio-db
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via flask-restful
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-records
    #   marshmallow-utils
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   babel-edtf
    #   flask-babel
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   marshmallow-utils
    #   sphinx
babel-edtf==1.2.1
    # via
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   marshmallow-utils
base32-lib==1.0.2
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-pidstore
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   nbconvert
bibtexparser==1.4.3
    # via commonmeta-py
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   marshmallow-utils
    #   nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-iiif
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-oauthclient
cachelib==0.13.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-iiif
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   invenio-oauth2server
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via invenio-app-rdm
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   invenio-celery
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   requests
citeproc-py==0.6.0
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
citeproc-py-styles==0.1.3
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-default-group
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   dojson
    #   flask
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   mkdocs
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via invenio-files-rest
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
commonmeta-py==0.8.6
    # via invenio-rdm-records
counter-robots==2025.2
    # via invenio-stats
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   pyjwt
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via cairosvg
datacite==1.2.0
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
dateparser==1.2.1
    # via commonmeta-py
dcxml==0.1.2
    # via invenio-rdm-records
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via limits
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   sphinx
dojson==1.5.0
    # via invenio-oaiserver
edtf==5.0.0
    # via
    #   babel-edtf
    #   marshmallow-utils
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-github
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
faker==37.1.0
    # via invenio-rdm-records
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   nbformat
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   flask-collect-invenio
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-iiif
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-menu
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-resources
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-config
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-mail
    #   invenio-records-files
flask-admin==1.6.1
    # via invenio-admin
flask-alembic==2.0.1
    # via invenio-db
flask-babel==4.0.0
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-i18n
flask-caching==2.3.1
    # via invenio-cache
flask-celeryext==0.5.0
    # via invenio-celery
flask-collect-invenio==1.4.0
    # via invenio-assets
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via invenio-rest
flask-iiif==1.2.0
    # via invenio-rdm-records
flask-kvsession-invenio==0.6.4
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-limiter==2.9.2
    # via invenio-app
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via flask-security-invenio
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-mail
flask-menu==1.0.1
    # via
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-theme
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-administration
flask-resources==1.2.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via flask-iiif
flask-security-invenio==3.4.0
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-shell-ipython==0.5.3
    # via invenio-app
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   flask-alembic
    #   invenio-db
flask-talisman==0.8.1
    # via invenio-app
flask-webpackext==2.1.0
    # via invenio-assets
flask-wtf==1.2.2
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-oauth2server
fs==2.4.16
    # via invenio-files-rest
ftfy==4.4.3
    # via
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   marshmallow-utils
future==1.0.0
    # via invenio-oauth2server
geojson==3.2.0
    # via marshmallow-utils
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
github3-py==4.0.1
    # via
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-oauthclient
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via sqlalchemy
html5lib==1.1
    # via ftfy
humanize==4.12.3
    # via invenio-github
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
idutils==1.4.2
    # via
    #   datacite
    #   marshmallow-utils
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   datacite
    #   idutils
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   pywebpack
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-pidstore
infinity==1.5
    # via intervals
intervals==0.9.2
    # via wtforms-components
invenio-access==2.1.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-records-permissions
invenio-accounts==5.2.0
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-userprofiles
    #   invenio-users-resources
invenio-admin==1.4.1
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-app-rdm
invenio-administration==2.2.4
    # via
    #   invenio-banners
    #   invenio-communities
    #   invenio-pages
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-users-resources
invenio-app==1.5.1
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-app-rdm==12.1.0
    # via -r invenio-app-rdm.in
invenio-assets==3.2.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-theme
invenio-banners==3.3.1
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-base==1.4.0
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-assets
    #   invenio-cache
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-db
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-notifications
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-pages
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   invenio-queues
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
    #   invenio-rest
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-stats
    #   invenio-theme
invenio-cache==1.3.1
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-stats
invenio-celery==1.3.2
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-logging
    #   invenio-queues
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-stats
invenio-communities==13.1.1
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-rdm-records
invenio-config==1.0.4
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-app-rdm
invenio-db[mysql,postgresql]==1.3.1
    # via
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-logging
invenio-drafts-resources==3.3.0
    # via invenio-rdm-records
invenio-files-rest==2.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-records-files
    #   invenio-records-resources
invenio-formatter==2.0.4
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-previewer
invenio-github==1.6.0
    # via invenio-rdm-records
invenio-i18n==2.1.2
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-banners
    #   invenio-drafts-resources
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-notifications
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-records-permissions
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-stats
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-userprofiles
    #   invenio-users-resources
    #   invenio-vocabularies
    #   invenio-webhooks
invenio-indexer==2.4.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-jsonschemas==1.1.5
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-records-resources
invenio-logging==2.1.5
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-rest
invenio-mail==2.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-oauthclient
invenio-notifications==0.6.1
    # via invenio-users-resources
invenio-oaiserver==2.4.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-communities
    #   invenio-rdm-records
invenio-oauth2server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-webhooks
invenio-oauthclient==4.2.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-users-resources
    #   invenio-webhooks
invenio-pages==4.1.2
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-pidstore==1.3.5
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
invenio-previewer==2.2.2
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-queues==1.0.1
    # via invenio-stats
invenio-rdm-records==10.9.2
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-records==2.4.1
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-records-files
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
invenio-records-files==1.2.1
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-records-permissions==0.21.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
invenio-records-resources==5.11.1
    # via
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-communities
    #   invenio-drafts-resources
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-pages
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-requests
    #   invenio-users-resources
    #   invenio-vocabularies
invenio-records-rest==2.4.1
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-records-files
invenio-records-ui==1.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-previewer
invenio-requests==4.1.3
    # via invenio-communities
invenio-rest==1.5.1
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-pages
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-search-ui==2.8.10
    # via
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-communities
invenio-stats==4.4.0
    # via
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-records-resources
invenio-theme==3.6.1
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-app-rdm
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-requests
invenio-userprofiles==3.1.0
    # via invenio-app-rdm
invenio-users-resources==5.2.1
    # via invenio-requests
invenio-vocabularies==3.5.0
    # via
    #   invenio-administration
    #   invenio-communities
    #   invenio-rdm-records
invenio-webhooks==1.0.1
    # via invenio-github
ipython==9.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isbnlib==3.10.14
    # via idutils
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-rest
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via invenio-theme
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via invenio-records
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-records
jsonresolver==0.4.0
    # via invenio-records
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   datacite
    #   invenio-records
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
kombu==5.5.3
    # via celery
limits==5.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
luqum==1.0.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   citeproc-py
    #   citeproc-py-styles
    #   datacite
    #   dcxml
    #   dojson
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-vocabularies
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via invenio-previewer
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask-security-invenio
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
    #   wtforms-components
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   flask-resources
    #   invenio-rest
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-utils
    #   webargs
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.1.1
    # via marshmallow-utils
marshmallow-utils==0.12.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
maxminddb==2.7.0
    # via maxminddb-geolite2
maxminddb-geolite2==2018.703
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-stats
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-jupyter==0.12.0
    # via commonmeta-py
mkdocs-material==8.5.11
    # via commonmeta-py
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   mkdocs-material
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via invenio-celery
nameparser==1.1.3
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   invenio-previewer
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbstripout
nbstripout==0.6.2
    # via commonmeta-py
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-security-invenio
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   flask-iiif
    #   invenio-formatter
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via jsonresolver
ply==3.11
    # via luqum
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via invenio-db
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   marshmallow-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydash==6.0.2
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   github3-py
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oauth2server
pymdown-extensions==10.15
    # via mkdocs-material
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via invenio-db
pynpm==0.3.0
    # via pywebpack
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   bibtexparser
    #   edtf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   celery
    #   dateparser
    #   edtf
    #   ghp-import
    #   github3-py
    #   invenio-stats
    #   jupyter-client
python-geoip==1.2
    # via invenio-stats
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via invenio-rdm-records
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-restful
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-rdm-records
pywebpack==2.1.0
    # via flask-webpackext
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-rdm-records
    #   invenio-vocabularies
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via jupyter-client
redis==6.0.0
    # via
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-queues
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via dateparser
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   datacite
    #   github3-py
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-issuetracker
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
rich==12.6.0
    # via flask-limiter
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   dojson
simplekv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   invenio-accounts
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   base32-lib
    #   citeproc-py-styles
    #   flask-iiif
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-talisman
    #   fs
    #   html5lib
    #   invenio-github
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   flask-resources
    #   flask-security-invenio
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinxcontrib-issuetracker
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.25.3
    # via commonmeta-py
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-issuetracker==0.11
    # via commonmeta-py
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==1.4.54
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   invenio-db
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-continuum
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   wtforms-alchemy
sqlalchemy-continuum==1.4.1
    # via invenio-db
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via
    #   invenio-db
    #   sqlalchemy-continuum
    #   wtforms-alchemy
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tornado==6.4.2
    # via jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via commonmeta-py
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20250204
    # via commonmeta-py
types-bleach==6.2.0.20241123
    # via commonmeta-py
types-dateparser==1.2.0.20250408
    # via commonmeta-py
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20241018
    # via
    #   types-beautifulsoup4
    #   types-bleach
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250402
    # via commonmeta-py
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-rdm-records
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
types-xmltodict==0.13.0.3
    # via commonmeta-py
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   flask-limiter
    #   limits
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   kombu
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via dateparser
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via invenio-accounts
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   github3-py
    #   invenio-github
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   marshmallow-utils
uritools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-oauthclient
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via wtforms-components
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wand==0.6.13
    # via invenio-records-resources
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via
    #   invenio-base
    #   mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webargs==5.5.3
    # via invenio-rest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-login
    #   invenio-base
    #   jsonresolver
    #   marshmallow-utils
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
wtforms-alchemy==0.18.0
    # via invenio-oauth2server
wtforms-components==0.11.0
    # via wtforms-alchemy
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   commonmeta-py
    #   invenio-records-resources
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zipstream-ng==1.8.0
    # via invenio-records-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
