#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile label-studio.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   django-migration-linter
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attr==0.3.1
    # via label-studio
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   label-studio
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.25.1
    # via label-studio
black==25.1.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
bleach==5.0.1
    # via label-studio
boto==2.49.0
    # via label-studio
boto3==1.38.10
    # via label-studio
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   label-studio
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   rq
colorama==0.4.6
    # via label-studio
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
datamodel-code-generator==0.26.1
    # via label-studio-sdk
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via label-studio
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
django==5.1.8
    # via
    #   django-annoying
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-migration-linter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-rq
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-agents
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-generators
    #   humansignal-drf-yasg
    #   label-studio
django-annoying==0.10.6
    # via label-studio
django-cors-headers==3.6.0
    # via label-studio
django-csp==3.7
    # via label-studio
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via label-studio
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via label-studio
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via label-studio
django-filter==24.3
    # via label-studio
django-migration-linter==5.2.0
    # via label-studio
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via label-studio
django-ranged-fileresponse==0.1.2
    # via label-studio
django-rq==2.10.3
    # via label-studio
django-storages==1.12.3
    # via label-studio
django-user-agents==0.4.0
    # via label-studio
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   humansignal-drf-yasg
    #   label-studio
djangorestframework-simplejwt[crypto]==5.4.0
    # via label-studio
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
drf-dynamic-fields==0.3.0
    # via label-studio
drf-flex-fields==0.9.5
    # via label-studio
drf-generators==0.3.0
    # via label-studio
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
expiringdict==1.2.2
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
faker==37.1.0
    # via jsf
filelock==3.18.0
    # via tldextract
genson==1.3.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via label-studio
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via label-studio
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.72.0rc1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   openai
humansignal-drf-yasg==1.21.10.post1
    # via label-studio
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
ijson==3.3.0
    # via label-studio-sdk
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
inflect==5.6.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
inflection==0.5.1
    # via humansignal-drf-yasg
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
isort==5.13.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via datamodel-code-generator
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.0
    # via nltk
jsf==0.11.2
    # via label-studio-sdk
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jsf
    #   label-studio-sdk
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
label-studio==1.17.0
    # via -r label-studio.in
label-studio-sdk==1.0.11
    # via label-studio
launchdarkly-server-sdk==8.2.1
    # via label-studio
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via label-studio
lxml[html-clean]==5.4.0
    # via
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via lxml
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nltk==3.9.1
    # via label-studio-sdk
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   pandas
openai==1.77.0
    # via label-studio
opentelemetry-api==1.32.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via label-studio
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   humansignal-drf-yasg
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.2.1
    # via label-studio-sdk
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via black
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==6.31.0rc2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via label-studio
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pyboxen==1.3.0
    # via label-studio
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.11.4
    # via
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   jsf
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   label-studio-sdk
pyrfc3339==2.0.1
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   label-studio
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via label-studio
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   humansignal-drf-yasg
    #   label-studio
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   humansignal-drf-yasg
    #   label-studio
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   django-rq
    #   label-studio
    #   rq
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-mock
    #   smart-open
    #   tldextract
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via label-studio-sdk
rich==14.0.0
    # via pyboxen
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rq==1.16.2
    # via
    #   django-rq
    #   label-studio
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
rstr==3.2.2
    # via jsf
rules==3.4
    # via label-studio
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
semver==3.0.4
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
sentry-sdk==2.27.0
    # via label-studio
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   bleach
    #   django-annoying
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open[http]==7.1.0
    # via jsf
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tldextract==5.3.0
    # via label-studio
toml==0.10.2
    # via django-migration-linter
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   jsf
    #   label-studio-sdk
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via user-agents
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via humansignal-drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   label-studio
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via django-user-agents
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.40.0
    # via label-studio
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   smart-open
xmljson==0.2.1
    # via
    #   label-studio
    #   label-studio-sdk
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
