#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile langgraph-api.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
blockbuster==1.5.24
    # via langgraph-runtime-inmem
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via langgraph-api
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via langgraph-api
forbiddenfruit==0.1.4
    # via blockbuster
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema-rs==0.29.1
    # via langgraph-api
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph==0.4.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
langgraph-api==0.2.15
    # via -r langgraph-api.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.25
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-runtime-inmem==0.0.9
    # via langgraph-api
langgraph-sdk==0.1.66
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via langgraph-api
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sse-starlette==2.1.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
    #   sse-starlette
structlog==25.3.0
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-api
    #   sse-starlette
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via langgraph-api
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
