#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile lbt-dragonfly.in
#
click==8.1.7
    # via ladybug-core
dragonfly-core==1.64.0
    # via
    #   dragonfly-display
    #   dragonfly-energy
    #   dragonfly-radiance
    #   dragonfly-uwg
dragonfly-display==0.3.5
    # via lbt-dragonfly
dragonfly-energy==1.33.21
    # via lbt-dragonfly
dragonfly-radiance==0.3.274
    # via lbt-dragonfly
dragonfly-schema==1.14.1
    # via dragonfly-core
dragonfly-uwg==0.5.679
    # via lbt-dragonfly
honeybee-core==1.61.14
    # via
    #   dragonfly-core
    #   honeybee-display
    #   honeybee-energy
    #   honeybee-radiance
honeybee-display==0.5.4
    # via
    #   dragonfly-display
    #   lbt-honeybee
honeybee-energy[openstudio,standards]==1.116.21
    # via
    #   dragonfly-energy
    #   honeybee-openstudio
    #   lbt-honeybee
honeybee-energy-standards==2.3.0
    # via honeybee-energy
honeybee-openstudio==0.3.7
    # via honeybee-energy
honeybee-radiance==1.66.165
    # via
    #   dragonfly-radiance
    #   honeybee-radiance-postprocess
honeybee-radiance-command==1.22.5
    # via honeybee-radiance
honeybee-radiance-folder==2.11.16
    # via honeybee-radiance
honeybee-radiance-postprocess==0.4.523
    # via lbt-honeybee
honeybee-schema==1.59.0
    # via
    #   dragonfly-schema
    #   honeybee-core
honeybee-standards==2.0.7
    # via
    #   honeybee-energy
    #   honeybee-radiance
    #   honeybee-schema
ladybug-comfort==0.18.77
    # via lbt-ladybug
ladybug-core==0.44.9
    # via
    #   honeybee-core
    #   ladybug-comfort
    #   ladybug-display
    #   ladybug-radiance
ladybug-display==0.13.2
    # via
    #   honeybee-display
    #   lbt-ladybug
ladybug-geometry==1.34.2
    # via
    #   ladybug-core
    #   ladybug-geometry-polyskel
ladybug-geometry-polyskel==1.7.23
    # via honeybee-core
ladybug-radiance==0.2.11
    # via lbt-ladybug
lbt-dragonfly==0.11.750
    # via -r lbt-dragonfly.in
lbt-honeybee==0.9.30
    # via lbt-dragonfly
lbt-ladybug==0.27.141
    # via lbt-honeybee
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   honeybee-radiance-postprocess
    #   ladybug-radiance
openstudio==3.9.0
    # via honeybee-openstudio
pydantic==1.10.22
    # via pydantic-openapi-helper
pydantic-openapi-helper==0.2.11
    # via honeybee-schema
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via pydantic
uwg==5.8.13
    # via dragonfly-uwg
