#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile libwebarena.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   text-generation
aiolimiter==1.2.1
    # via libwebarena
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beartype==0.12.0
    # via libwebarena
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via gymnasium
datasets==3.5.1
    # via evaluate
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via libwebarena
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flask==3.1.0
    # via libwebarena
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via playwright
gymnasium==1.1.1
    # via libwebarena
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   text-generation
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.0
    # via nltk
libwebarena==0.0.4
    # via -r libwebarena.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nltk==3.9.1
    # via libwebarena
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gymnasium
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
openai==1.77.0
    # via libwebarena
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
pillow==11.2.1
    # via libwebarena
playwright==1.52.0
    # via libwebarena
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   openai
    #   text-generation
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
text-generation==0.7.0
    # via libwebarena
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via libwebarena
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via libwebarena
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via types-tqdm
types-tqdm==4.67.0.20250417
    # via libwebarena
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   gymnasium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
