#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile lumigo-opentelemetry.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
autowrapt==1.0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
lumigo-core==0.0.10
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
lumigo-opentelemetry==1.0.165
    # via -r lumigo-opentelemetry.in
opentelemetry-api==1.26.0
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.26.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.26.0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.47b0
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.47b0
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql
opentelemetry-instrumentation-django==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-logging==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-psycopg2==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymysql==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests==0.47b0
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
opentelemetry-proto==1.26.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.26.0
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk-extension-aws
opentelemetry-sdk-extension-aws==2.0.2
    # via lumigo-opentelemetry
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.47b0
    # via
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-boto
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-kafka-python
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pymongo
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-util-http==0.47b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-django
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-requests
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-wsgi
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-flask
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
protobuf==4.25.7
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   opentelemetry-proto
requests==2.32.3
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   autowrapt
    #   deprecated
    #   lumigo-opentelemetry
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-pika
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
