#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile markdownlit.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via favicon
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.38.10
    # via snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via streamlit
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==37.1.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.4.0
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r markdownlit.in
    #   streamlit-extras
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via streamlit-faker
narwhals==1.38.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via snowflake-connector-python
plotly==6.0.1
    # via streamlit-extras
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via streamlit-extras
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pymdown-extensions==10.15
    # via markdownlit
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]==3.15.0
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
snowflake-snowpark-python[pandas]==1.31.1
    # via streamlit-extras
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.45.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.7.1
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.2.1
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via streamlit-extras
wheel==0.45.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
