#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile nacos-sdk-python.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-credentials
    #   nacos-sdk-python
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-tea
    #   nacos-sdk-python
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alibabacloud-credentials==1.0.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-spi
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-credentials-api==1.0.0
    # via alibabacloud-credentials
alibabacloud-darabonba-array==0.1.0
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-encode-util==0.0.2
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-map==0.0.1
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-signature-util==0.0.4
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-string==0.0.4
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-endpoint-util==0.0.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
alibabacloud-gateway-pop==0.0.8
    # via alibabacloud-kms20160120
alibabacloud-gateway-spi==0.0.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-kms20160120==2.2.3
    # via nacos-sdk-python
alibabacloud-openapi-util==0.2.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea==0.4.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-credentials
    #   alibabacloud-endpoint-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-xml
alibabacloud-tea-openapi==0.3.15
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   nacos-sdk-python
alibabacloud-tea-util==0.3.13
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea-xml==0.0.2
    # via alibabacloud-tea-openapi
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via alibabacloud-credentials
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-darabonba-signature-util
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nacos-sdk-python==2.0.6
    # via -r nacos-sdk-python.in
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via nacos-sdk-python
psutil==7.0.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via nacos-sdk-python
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
requests==2.32.3
    # via alibabacloud-tea
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
