#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile nemoguardrails.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   nemoguardrails
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
annoy==1.17.3
    # via nemoguardrails
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via nemoguardrails
fastembed==0.4.0
    # via nemoguardrails
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via huggingface-hub
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   nemoguardrails
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via nemoguardrails
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   nemoguardrails
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via nemoguardrails
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   nemoguardrails
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lark==1.2.2
    # via nemoguardrails
loguru==0.7.3
    # via fastembed
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nemoguardrails==0.13.0
    # via -r nemoguardrails.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via nemoguardrails
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   langchain-community
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
onnx==1.17.0
    # via fastembed
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   nemoguardrails
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
pandas==2.2.3
    # via nemoguardrails
pillow==10.4.0
    # via fastembed
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via nemoguardrails
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pystemmer==2.2.0.3
    # via fastembed
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   nemoguardrails
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   nemoguardrails
    #   typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simpleeval==1.0.3
    # via nemoguardrails
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via fastembed
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   nemoguardrails
sympy==1.14.0
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via fastembed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
typer==0.15.3
    # via nemoguardrails
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via nemoguardrails
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via nemoguardrails
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
