#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile neutron.in
#
alembic==1.15.2
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-db
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-messaging
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   paramiko
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via oslo-messaging
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cliff==4.9.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-neutronclient
cmd2==2.5.11
    # via cliff
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   futurist
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-rootwrap
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   neutron
    #   openstacksdk
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via eventlet
dogpile-cache==1.4.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-cache
eventlet==0.39.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-service
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   tooz
fixtures==4.2.5
    # via ovsdbapp
futurist==3.1.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   tooz
gnureadline==8.2.13
    # via cmd2
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via
    #   eventlet
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-service
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via neutron
idna==3.10
    # via requests
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via python-designateclient
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.10.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
keystonemiddleware==10.9.0
    # via neutron
kombu==5.5.3
    # via oslo-messaging
lxml==5.4.0
    # via ncclient
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pecan
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   tooz
ncclient==0.6.19
    # via os-ken
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
    #   ovsdbapp
    #   python-neutronclient
neutron==26.0.0
    # via -r neutron.in
neutron-lib==3.18.2
    # via neutron
openstacksdk==4.5.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
os-ken==3.0.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
os-resource-classes==1.1.0
    # via neutron
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
os-traits==3.4.0
    # via neutron-lib
os-vif==4.1.0
    # via neutron
osc-lib==4.0.0
    # via
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-neutronclient
oslo-cache==3.10.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
oslo-concurrency==7.1.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
oslo-config==9.7.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-ken
    #   os-vif
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
    #   pycadf
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.7.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-db==17.2.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
oslo-i18n==6.5.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-log==7.1.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
oslo-messaging==16.1.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-metrics==0.11.0
    # via oslo-messaging
oslo-middleware==6.4.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-messaging
oslo-policy==4.5.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
oslo-privsep==3.6.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-vif
oslo-reports==3.5.1
    # via neutron
oslo-rootwrap==7.5.1
    # via neutron
oslo-serialization==5.7.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
    #   pycadf
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   tooz
oslo-service==4.1.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   oslo-messaging
oslo-upgradecheck==2.5.0
    # via neutron
oslo-utils==8.2.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-privsep
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   tooz
oslo-versionedobjects==3.6.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
osprofiler==4.2.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
ovs==3.5.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-ken
    #   ovsdbapp
ovsdbapp==2.11.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-vif
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via ncclient
paste==3.10.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-service
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   oslo-service
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-ken
    #   os-resource-classes
    #   os-service-types
    #   os-traits
    #   os-vif
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-utils
    #   ovsdbapp
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   stevedore
    #   testresources
    #   testscenarios
pecan==1.6.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via openstacksdk
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-novaclient
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via oslo-metrics
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-utils
pycadf==4.0.1
    # via keystonemiddleware
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via keystonemiddleware
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via neutron
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
pyroute2==0.9.2
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-vif
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via oslo-log
python-designateclient==6.2.0
    # via neutron
python-keystoneclient==5.6.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   python-neutronclient
python-neutronclient==11.4.0
    # via neutron
python-novaclient==18.9.0
    # via neutron
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-utils
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
repoze-lru==0.7
    # via routes
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
routes==2.5.1
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-service
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
setproctitle==1.3.6
    # via neutron-lib
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   routes
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via ovs
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   oslo-db
statsd==4.0.1
    # via oslo-middleware
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-vif
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   tooz
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   neutron
    #   tooz
testresources==2.0.2
    # via oslo-db
testscenarios==0.5.0
    # via oslo-db
testtools==2.7.2
    # via testscenarios
tooz==6.3.0
    # via neutron
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   kombu
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via tooz
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   neutron
    #   neutron-lib
    #   os-ken
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   osprofiler
    #   pecan
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via debtcollector
yappi==1.6.10
    # via oslo-service

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
