#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile nvidia-lm-eval.in
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via rouge-score
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
beautifulsoup4==4.13.1
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via nltk
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   sacrebleu
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
dataproperty==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
datasets==3.5.1
    # via
    #   evaluate
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutabledict==4.2.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
lxml==5.4.0
    # via sacrebleu
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mbstrdecoder==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
    #   rouge-score
numexpr==2.10.2
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   numexpr
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
    #   pandas
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
nvidia-lm-eval==25.4.1
    # via -r nvidia-lm-eval.in
openai==1.61.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   typepy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via pytablewriter
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via sacrebleu
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pytablewriter==1.2.1
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacrebleu
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
scipy==1.15.2
    # via scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rouge-score
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
tabledata==1.3.4
    # via pytablewriter
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tcolorpy==0.1.7
    # via pytablewriter
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   nvidia-lm-eval
    #   openai
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
    #   transformers
tqdm-multiprocess==0.0.11
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
transformers==4.51.3
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
typepy[datetime]==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
word2number==1.1
    # via nvidia-lm-eval
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via nvidia-lm-eval

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
