#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile openmetadata-ingestion.in
#
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.2
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
azure-identity==1.22.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
babel==2.17.0
    # via agate
boto3==1.38.10
    # via
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   diff-cover
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
collate-data-diff==0.11.5
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
collate-sqlfluff==3.3.4
    # via collate-sqllineage
collate-sqllineage==1.6.15
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   dbt-common
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
daff==1.4.2
    # via dbt-core
dbt-adapters==1.7.0
    # via dbt-core
dbt-common==1.10.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
dbt-core==1.8.8
    # via collate-data-diff
dbt-extractor==0.6.0
    # via dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.5.1
    # via dbt-core
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via dbt-common
diff-cover==9.2.4
    # via collate-sqlfluff
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
dsnparse==0.1.15
    # via collate-data-diff
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.0rc0
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.20.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   dbt-common
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   diff-cover
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
keyring==25.6.0
    # via collate-data-diff
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
logbook==1.5.3
    # via dbt-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.10
    # via
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
memory-profiler==0.61.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via dbt-core
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via mashumaro
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   typing-inspect
mysql-connector-python==9.3.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   collate-sqllineage
    #   dbt-core
numpy==2.2.5
    # via shapely
openmetadata-ingestion==1.7.0.0
    # via -r openmetadata-ingestion.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.25.7
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via memory-profiler
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pytest==8.3.5
    # via collate-sqlfluff
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via agate
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   collate-sqlfluff
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via collate-sqlfluff
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   msal
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
    #   requests-aws4auth
    #   snowflake-connector-python
requests-aws4auth==1.3.1
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
rich==14.0.0
    # via collate-data-diff
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
shapely==2.1.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python==3.15.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   collate-sqllineage
    #   dbt-core
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   openmetadata-ingestion
tblib==3.1.0
    # via collate-sqlfluff
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via collate-data-diff
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via collate-sqlfluff
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via openmetadata-ingestion
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   collate-data-diff
    #   requests
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
