#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile products-cmfplone.in
#
accesscontrol==7.2
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   documenttemplate
    #   five-intid
    #   plone-batching
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-pluggableauthservice
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-standardcachemanagers
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
acquisition==6.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   borg-localrole
    #   documenttemplate
    #   five-customerize
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   plone-uuid
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   zope
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authencoding==6.0
    # via accesscontrol
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   webtest
    #   zope-testbrowser
borg-localrole==3.1.11
    # via products-cmfplone
btrees==6.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-portlets
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-daterecurringindex
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zc-relation
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-intid
cffi==1.17.1
    # via persistent
chameleon==4.6.0
    # via
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
collective-monkeypatcher==2.0.0
    # via plone-protect
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   diazo
    #   lxml
datetime==5.5
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   zope
diazo==2.0.3
    # via plone-app-theming
documenttemplate==4.6
    # via
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-portaltransforms
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-portaltransforms
extensionclass==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   acquisition
    #   documenttemplate
    #   missing
    #   multimapping
    #   persistence
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   record
    #   zope
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via plone-app-portlets
five-customerize==4.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-customerize
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   products-cmfplone
five-intid==3.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-intid
    #   plone-app-relationfield
five-localsitemanager==5.0
    # via
    #   five-intid
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-genericsetup
future==1.0.0
    # via repoze-xmliter
icalendar==6.1.3
    # via plone-app-event
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via plone-schema
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
lxml[cssselect]==5.4.0
    # via
    #   diazo
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-autoform
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-scale
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-portaltransforms
    #   repoze-xmliter
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via products-portaltransforms
markdown==3.8
    # via products-portaltransforms
missing==5.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-zcatalog
multimapping==5.0
    # via zope
multipart==1.2.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-publisher
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-genericsetup
paste==3.10.1
    # via zope
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via zope
persistence==5.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-portaltransforms
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
persistent==6.1.1
    # via
    #   btrees
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   persistence
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-keyring
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-scale
    #   products-portaltransforms
    #   products-sessions
    #   zodb
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-ramcache
piexif==1.1.3
    # via plone-namedfile
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-scale
    #   products-plonepas
    #   products-portaltransforms
plone-alterego==2.0.1
    # via plone-dexterity
plone-app-content==4.1.9
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-contentlisting==3.0.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-contentmenu==3.0.7
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-contentrules==5.0.6
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-contenttypes==4.0.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-event
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-customerize==2.0.2
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-dexterity[relations]==4.0.4
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-event==5.2.1
    # via plone-app-users
plone-app-i18n==4.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-intid==2.0.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
plone-app-layout==5.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-linkintegrity==4.0.6
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-locales==6.0.30
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-lockingbehavior==2.0.2
    # via plone-app-contenttypes
plone-app-portlets==6.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-querystring==2.1.3
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-portlet-collection
plone-app-redirector==3.0.4
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-registry==2.0.6
    # via
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-relationfield==4.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
plone-app-textfield==3.0.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-portlet-static
plone-app-theming==5.0.12
    # via
    #   plonetheme-barceloneta
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-users==3.1.2
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-uuid==2.2.3
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-versioningbehavior==2.0.4
    # via plone-app-contenttypes
plone-app-viewletmanager==4.0.4
    # via
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-vocabularies==6.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-app-workflow==5.0.4
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-app-z3cform==4.7.6
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-autoform==2.0.3
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   plone-schemaeditor
plone-autoinclude==2.0.3
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-base==2.0.3
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-textfield
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
    #   plone-locking
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   plone-resourceeditor
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plone-stringinterp
    #   products-cmfdifftool
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-isurlinportal
    #   products-plonepas
    #   products-portaltransforms
plone-batching==2.0.6
    # via
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-base
    #   plone-z3cform
plone-behavior==2.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-lockingbehavior
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-dexterity
plone-browserlayer==3.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-customerize
    #   plone-app-event
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-caching==2.0.1
    # via plone-resource
plone-contentrules==3.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-dexterity==3.0.7
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-lockingbehavior
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-namedfile
plone-event==2.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-event
    #   products-daterecurringindex
plone-folder==4.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-formwidget-namedfile==3.1.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-z3cform
plone-formwidget-recurrence[z3cform]==3.0.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
plone-i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-i18n
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-plonepas
plone-indexer==2.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-intelligenttext==4.0.1
    # via
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-portaltransforms
plone-keyring==4.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-session
plone-locking==3.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-lockingbehavior
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-memoize==3.0.3
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-stringinterp
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-plonepas
plone-namedfile==7.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
plone-outputfilters==5.0.4
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-portlet-collection==4.0.4
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-portlet-static==4.0.4
    # via products-cmfplone
plone-portlets==3.0.2
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-customerize
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-protect==5.0.4
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-session
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-plonepas
plone-registry==2.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-base
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   products-plonepas
    #   products-portaltransforms
plone-resource==3.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-resourceeditor
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plonetheme-barceloneta
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-resourceeditor==4.0.1
    # via plone-app-theming
plone-rfc822==3.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-namedfile
plone-scale[storage]==4.2.0
    # via
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-scale
plone-schema==2.0.2
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-base
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-schemaeditor==4.0.11
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-namedfile
plone-session==4.0.4
    # via
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-plonepas
plone-staticresources==2.2.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-resourceeditor
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-stringinterp==2.0.2
    # via plone-app-contentrules
plone-subrequest==2.0.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-i18n
plone-supermodel==2.0.4
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-autoform
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-schemaeditor
plone-theme==4.0.3
    # via
    #   plonetheme-barceloneta
    #   products-cmfplone
plone-transformchain==3.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-protect
plone-uuid==2.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-outputfilters
plone-z3cform==2.0.4
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-autoform
    #   plone-base
    #   plone-schemaeditor
plonetheme-barceloneta==3.2.3
    # via products-cmfplone
products-btreefolder2==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-resource
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-plonepas
products-cmfcore==3.7
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   five-intid
    #   plone-app-customerize
    #   plone-app-i18n
    #   plone-app-intid
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   plone-base
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-folder
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-indexer
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-resource
    #   plone-resourceeditor
    #   plone-theme
    #   products-cmfdynamicviewfti
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfuid
    #   products-dcworkflow
    #   products-mimetypesregistry
    #   products-portaltransforms
products-cmfdifftool==4.0.4
    # via products-cmfeditions
products-cmfdynamicviewfti==7.0.2
    # via plone-base
products-cmfeditions==4.0.5
    # via
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   products-cmfplone
products-cmfplone==6.1.1
    # via -r products-cmfplone.in
products-cmfuid==4.2
    # via products-cmfeditions
products-daterecurringindex==3.0.1
    # via plone-app-event
products-dcworkflow==3.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   products-cmfplone
products-extendedpathindex==4.0.1
    # via products-cmfplone
products-externalmethod==6.0
    # via products-dcworkflow
products-genericsetup==5.0.0
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-intid
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-resource
    #   plone-session
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plonetheme-barceloneta
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-cmfdifftool
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-dcworkflow
    #   products-plonepas
    #   products-pluggableauthservice
    #   products-pluginregistry
    #   products-portaltransforms
products-isurlinportal==3.0.0
    # via products-cmfplone
products-mailhost==6.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   products-cmfcore
products-mimetypesregistry==3.0.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-portaltransforms
products-plonepas==8.0.5
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-stringinterp
    #   products-cmfplone
products-pluggableauthservice==3.0
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-session
    #   products-plonepas
products-pluginregistry==2.0
    # via products-pluggableauthservice
products-portaltransforms==4.1.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   products-cmfdifftool
    #   products-cmfplone
products-pythonscripts==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-dcworkflow
    #   products-genericsetup
products-sessions==6.0
    # via products-pluggableauthservice
products-siteerrorlog==6.0
    # via products-cmfplone
products-standardcachemanagers==5.0
    # via
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-pluggableauthservice
products-statusmessages==5.0.6
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfplone
products-zcatalog==7.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-contentlisting
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-folder
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-cmfuid
    #   products-daterecurringindex
    #   products-extendedpathindex
    #   products-genericsetup
products-zopeversioncontrol==4.1
    # via products-cmfeditions
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   icalendar
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-event
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
    #   plone-resource
    #   plone-rfc822
python-gettext==5.0
    # via zope-i18n
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   datetime
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-event
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-testbrowser
record==4.1
    # via products-zcatalog
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
repoze-xmliter==0.6.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-protect
restrictedpython==8.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   documenttemplate
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
roman==5.0
    # via documenttemplate
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via plone-app-content
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   products-extendedpathindex
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   zope-testbrowser
transaction==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-standardcachemanagers
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-traversing
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via icalendar
unidecode==1.4.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-i18n
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   webtest
    #   zope
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   webtest
    #   wsgiproxy2
webresource==1.2
    # via products-cmfplone
webtest==3.0.4
    # via zope-testbrowser
wsgiproxy2==0.5.1
    # via zope-testbrowser
z3c-caching[zcml]==4.0
    # via
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-resource
z3c-form==6.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-autoform
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
    #   plone-schema
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-z3cform
    #   z3c-formwidget-query
z3c-formwidget-query==3.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
z3c-objpath==3.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   z3c-relationfield
z3c-pt==5.0
    # via zope
z3c-relationfield==3.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   products-cmfdifftool
z3c-zcmlhook==3.0
    # via
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-supermodel
zc-lockfile==3.0.post1
    # via zodb
zc-relation==2.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   z3c-relationfield
zconfig==4.2
    # via
    #   zodb
    #   zope
zexceptions==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   documenttemplate
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
zodb==6.0.1
    # via
    #   five-intid
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-scale
    #   products-daterecurringindex
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   zope
    #   zope-keyreference
zodbpickle==4.2
    # via
    #   zodb
    #   zope-copy
zope[wsgi]==5.13
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   five-customerize
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-app-content
    #   plone-app-contentmenu
    #   plone-app-contentrules
    #   plone-app-contenttypes
    #   plone-app-customerize
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-event
    #   plone-app-layout
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-redirector
    #   plone-app-registry
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   plone-app-textfield
    #   plone-app-theming
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-versioningbehavior
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   plone-app-workflow
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-autoform
    #   plone-base
    #   plone-batching
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   plone-contentrules
    #   plone-dexterity
    #   plone-folder
    #   plone-formwidget-recurrence
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-indexer
    #   plone-locking
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-portlet-collection
    #   plone-portlet-static
    #   plone-protect
    #   plone-registry
    #   plone-resource
    #   plone-resourceeditor
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-session
    #   plone-stringinterp
    #   plone-theme
    #   plone-transformchain
    #   plone-z3cform
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-cmfdifftool
    #   products-cmfdynamicviewfti
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-cmfuid
    #   products-dcworkflow
    #   products-extendedpathindex
    #   products-externalmethod
    #   products-genericsetup
    #   products-isurlinportal
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-plonepas
    #   products-pluggableauthservice
    #   products-pluginregistry
    #   products-portaltransforms
    #   products-pythonscripts
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-standardcachemanagers
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   zope
zope-annotation==5.1
    # via
    #   borg-localrole
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-behavior
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   plone-memoize
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-scale
    #   products-statusmessages
    #   zope-site
zope-app-locales==5.0
    # via products-cmfplone
zope-browser==3.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-publisher
zope-browsermenu==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-content
    #   zope
zope-browserpage==5.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-uuid
    #   plone-z3cform
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-browserresource==5.2
    # via
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-ptresource
zope-cachedescriptors==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   plone-outputfilters
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   zope-app-locales
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-testbrowser
zope-component[zcml]==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   borg-localrole
    #   five-customerize
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-alterego
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-behavior
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-event
    #   plone-memoize
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-rfc822
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   plone-uuid
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-standardcachemanagers
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-formwidget-query
    #   z3c-pt
    #   z3c-zcmlhook
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-componentvocabulary
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-keyreference
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-componentvocabulary==3.0
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-contentrules
zope-configuration==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   collective-monkeypatcher
    #   plone-autoinclude
    #   plone-behavior
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-zcmlhook
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-container==6.1
    # via
    #   plone-keyring
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   zope
    #   zope-site
zope-contentprovider==6.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-portlets
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   plone-portlets
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-contenttype==5.2
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-publisher
zope-copy==5.0
    # via
    #   plone-namedfile
    #   products-cmfeditions
zope-datetime==5.1
    # via
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   zope
zope-deferredimport==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   borg-localrole
    #   missing
    #   persistent
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
zope-deprecation==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-site
zope-dottedname==6.0
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   products-cmfeditions
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope-container
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   collective-monkeypatcher
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-lifecycleevent
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-schema
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-exceptions==5.2
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-publisher
zope-filerepresentation==6.1
    # via
    #   plone-app-dexterity
    #   zope-container
zope-globalrequest==2.0
    # via
    #   plone-app-querystring
    #   plone-app-vocabularies
    #   plone-app-z3cform
    #   plone-i18n
    #   plone-memoize
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zope
zope-hookable==7.0
    # via zope-component
zope-i18n[zcml]==5.2
    # via
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-statusmessages
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-traversing
zope-i18nmessageid==7.0
    # via
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-schema
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-formwidget-query
    #   zope
    #   zope-app-locales
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-componentvocabulary
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-keyreference
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-size
    #   zope-tal
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   acquisition
    #   borg-localrole
    #   btrees
    #   collective-monkeypatcher
    #   datetime
    #   five-customerize
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   persistent
    #   plone-alterego
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   plone-batching
    #   plone-behavior
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-event
    #   plone-keyring
    #   plone-memoize
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-rfc822
    #   plone-scale
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-staticresources
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   plone-uuid
    #   products-cmfcore
    #   products-daterecurringindex
    #   products-mailhost
    #   products-sessions
    #   products-siteerrorlog
    #   products-statusmessages
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   products-zopeversioncontrol
    #   transaction
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-formwidget-query
    #   z3c-objpath
    #   z3c-pt
    #   z3c-zcmlhook
    #   zc-relation
    #   zexceptions
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-app-locales
    #   zope-browser
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-componentvocabulary
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-copy
    #   zope-exceptions
    #   zope-filerepresentation
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-keyreference
    #   zope-lifecycleevent
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-processlifetime
    #   zope-proxy
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-ramcache
    #   zope-schema
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-size
    #   zope-tal
    #   zope-tales
    #   zope-testbrowser
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-intid==5.1
    # via
    #   five-intid
    #   plone-app-intid
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   plone-app-relationfield
    #   z3c-relationfield
zope-keyreference==6.1
    # via
    #   five-intid
    #   plone-app-linkintegrity
    #   zope-intid
zope-lifecycleevent==5.1
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-app-intid
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-uuid
    #   products-btreefolder2
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-site
zope-location==5.1
    # via
    #   five-intid
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-keyring
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-ramcache
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-pagetemplate==5.1
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-z3cform
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-ptresource
zope-processlifetime==3.1
    # via zope
zope-proxy==6.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-deferredimport
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-traversing
zope-ptresource==5.1
    # via zope
zope-publisher==7.3
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   plone-app-uuid
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-subrequest
    #   plone-uuid
    #   products-statusmessages
    #   z3c-form
    #   zexceptions
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-ramcache==3.1
    # via plone-memoize
zope-schema==7.0.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   collective-monkeypatcher
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-app-users
    #   plone-batching
    #   plone-behavior
    #   plone-caching
    #   plone-portlets
    #   plone-rfc822
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   plone-supermodel
    #   products-daterecurringindex
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   z3c-caching
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-formwidget-query
    #   z3c-zcmlhook
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-componentvocabulary
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-filerepresentation
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-keyreference
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-sendmail
    #   zope-testbrowser
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-security==7.3
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   plone-schemaeditor
    #   z3c-form
    #   zexceptions
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-componentvocabulary
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-intid
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-sendmail==6.2
    # via products-mailhost
zope-sequencesort==5.1
    # via
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
zope-site==5.1
    # via
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   plone-portlets
    #   z3c-form
    #   zope
zope-size==5.1
    # via
    #   plone-formwidget-namedfile
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
zope-structuredtext==5.0
    # via
    #   documenttemplate
    #   products-cmfplone
    #   products-portaltransforms
zope-tal==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-pagetemplate
zope-tales==6.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-pagetemplate
zope-testbrowser==7.0.1
    # via zope
zope-testing==5.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   five-localsitemanager
    #   products-zcatalog
    #   zc-relation
    #   zope
zope-traversing==5.1
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-browserlayer
    #   z3c-form
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-viewlet==5.1
    # via
    #   five-customerize
    #   plone-app-i18n
    #   plone-app-viewletmanager
    #   zope

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
