#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile ragas.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ragas
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
datasets==3.5.1
    # via ragas
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via ragas
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via datasets
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   ragas
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via ragas
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   ragas
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via ragas
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ragas
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   ragas
openai==1.77.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.3
    # via datasets
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   ragas
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
ragas==0.2.15
    # via -r ragas.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
