#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile rpaframework.in
#
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
    #   zeep
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   htmldocx
    #   o365
    #   rpaframework
cached-property==2.0.1
    # via exchangelib
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via rpaframework
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   notifiers
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
    #   rpaframework
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   rpaframework
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   fpdf2
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via exchangelib
docutils==0.21.2
    # via rpaframework
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exchangelib==5.5.1
    # via rpaframework
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via fpdf2
fpdf2==2.7.5
    # via rpaframework-pdf
furl==2.1.4
    # via robotframework-seleniumtestability
graphviz==0.13.2
    # via rpaframework
h11==0.16.0
    # via wsproto
holidays==0.45
    # via rpaframework
htmldocx==0.0.6
    # via rpaframework
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via rpaframework
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   zeep
java-access-bridge-wrapper==1.2.0
    # via rpaframework
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via rpaframework
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via notifiers
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   python-docx
    #   zeep
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via simple-salesforce
mss==6.1.0
    # via rpaframework
netsuitesdk==1.24.0
    # via rpaframework
notifiers==1.3.5
    # via rpaframework
o365==2.0.26
    # via rpaframework
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   rpaframework
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via rpaframework
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   rpaframework-core
    #   webdriver-manager
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via rpaframework-pdf
pendulum==3.1.0
    # via rpaframework
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   fpdf2
    #   rpaframework
    #   rpaframework-core
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via zeep
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via exchangelib
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   rpaframework
    #   simple-salesforce
pynput-robocorp-fork==5.0.0
    # via rpaframework
pyobjc-core==9.2
    # via
    #   pynput-robocorp-fork
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-cocoa
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
pyobjc-framework-applicationservices==9.2
    # via pynput-robocorp-fork
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==9.2
    # via
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
pyobjc-framework-quartz==9.2
    # via
    #   pynput-robocorp-fork
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via rpaframework
pypdf==3.17.4
    # via rpaframework-pdf
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via rpaframework
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   rpaframework
    #   urllib3
pyspnego==0.11.2
    # via requests-ntlm
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   holidays
    #   o365
    #   pendulum
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via
    #   htmldocx
    #   rpaframework
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via webdriver-manager
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   o365
    #   zeep
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via rpaframework
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   notifiers
    #   o365
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   robocorp-storage
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   rpaframework
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   tweepy
    #   webdriver-manager
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via zeep
requests-ntlm==1.3.0
    # via exchangelib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   o365
    #   rpaframework
    #   tweepy
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   zeep
robocorp-storage==1.0.5
    # via rpaframework
robotframework==7.2.2
    # via
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
    #   rpaframework
    #   rpaframework-pdf
robotframework-pythonlibcore==4.4.1
    # via
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
    #   rpaframework
    #   rpaframework-pdf
robotframework-requests==0.9.7
    # via rpaframework
robotframework-seleniumlibrary==6.7.1
    # via
    #   robotframework-seleniumtestability
    #   rpaframework
robotframework-seleniumtestability==2.1.0
    # via rpaframework
rpaframework==30.0.2
    # via -r rpaframework.in
rpaframework-core==12.0.1
    # via
    #   rpaframework
    #   rpaframework-pdf
rpaframework-pdf==8.0.1
    # via rpaframework
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
selenium==4.15.2
    # via
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
    #   rpaframework
    #   rpaframework-core
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via rpaframework
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   pynput-robocorp-fork
    #   python-dateutil
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   tweepy
smartsheet-python-sdk==3.0.2
    # via rpaframework
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via o365
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   robocorp-storage
    #   rpaframework
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
tweepy==3.10.0
    # via rpaframework
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   referencing
    #   simple-salesforce
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   pendulum
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   exchangelib
    #   o365
    #   rpaframework
urllib3[socks]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
validators==0.34.0
    # via rpaframework
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via rpaframework-core
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   robotframework-seleniumtestability
    #   rpaframework
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   rpaframework
    #   xlutils
xlutils==2.0.0
    # via rpaframework
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   rpaframework
    #   xlutils
zeep==4.3.1
    # via
    #   netsuitesdk
    #   simple-salesforce
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
