#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile scancode-toolkit.in
#
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   debian-inspector
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
banal==1.0.6
    # via normality
beautifulsoup4[chardet]==4.13.4
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via typecode
boolean-py==5.0
    # via
    #   license-expression
    #   scancode-toolkit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   binaryornot
    #   debian-inspector
    #   normality
    #   requests
    #   scancode-toolkit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   normality
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via scancode-toolkit
commoncode==32.2.1
    # via
    #   container-inspector
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
container-inspector==33.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via pdfminer-six
debian-inspector==31.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
dockerfile-parse==2.0.1
    # via container-inspector
dparse2==0.7.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
fasteners==0.19
    # via scancode-toolkit
fingerprints==1.2.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
gemfileparser2==0.9.4
    # via scancode-toolkit
html5lib==1.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
intbitset==4.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
javaproperties==0.8.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via scancode-toolkit
jsonstreams==0.6.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
license-expression==30.4.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   scancode-toolkit
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via jaraco-functools
normality==2.6.1
    # via fingerprints
packageurl-python==0.16.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
packaging==25.0
    # via pip-requirements-parser
packvers==21.5
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit
parameter-expansion-patched==0.3.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
pefile==2024.8.26
    # via scancode-toolkit
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
pkginfo2==30.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
plugincode==32.0.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
ply==3.11
    # via spdx-tools
publicsuffix2==2.20191221
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   urlpy
pyahocorasick==2.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygmars==0.9.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pygments==2.19.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
pymaven-patch==0.3.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   packvers
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   rdflib
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   saneyaml
    #   spdx-tools
rdflib==7.1.4
    # via spdx-tools
requests[use-chardet-on-py3]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit
saneyaml==0.6.1
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
scancode-toolkit==32.0.2
    # via -r scancode-toolkit.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonstreams
    #   pymaven-patch
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spdx-tools==0.7.0rc0
    # via scancode-toolkit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   normality
    #   scancode-toolkit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit
typecode==30.0.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via beautifulsoup4
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
urlpy==0.5
    # via scancode-toolkit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
