#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile scrapegraphai.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via scrapegraphai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via scrapegraphai
boto3==1.38.10
    # via langchain-aws
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via duckduckgo-search
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dill==0.4.0
    # via multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
duckduckgo-search==8.0.1
    # via scrapegraphai
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
free-proxy==1.1.3
    # via scrapegraphai
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via huggingface-hub
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via playwright
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
hf-xet==1.1.0
    # via huggingface-hub
html2text==2025.4.15
    # via scrapegraphai
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.31.0
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via scrapegraphai
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   scrapegraphai
langchain-aws==0.2.22
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-mistralai==0.2.10
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-ollama==0.3.2
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   free-proxy
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
minify-html==0.16.4
    # via scrapegraphai
mpire[dill]==2.10.2
    # via semchunk
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.18
    # via mpire
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
ollama==0.4.8
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.77.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
playwright==1.52.0
    # via
    #   scrapegraphai
    #   undetected-playwright
primp==0.15.0
    # via duckduckgo-search
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scrapegraphai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.1
    # via mpire
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scrapegraphai
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   free-proxy
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
scrapegraphai==1.50.0
    # via -r scrapegraphai.in
semchunk==3.2.1
    # via scrapegraphai
simpleeval==1.0.3
    # via scrapegraphai
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   scrapegraphai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via langchain-mistralai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mpire
    #   openai
    #   scrapegraphai
    #   semchunk
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
undetected-playwright==0.3.0
    # via scrapegraphai
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
