#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile sdkit.in
#
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==0.23.0
    # via
    #   k-diffusion
    #   sdkit
addict==2.4.0
    # via basicsr
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
albumentations==1.3.0
    # via stable-diffusion-sdkit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.8
    # via omegaconf
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
basicsr==1.4.2
    # via
    #   gfpgan
    #   realesrgan
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
clean-fid==0.1.35
    # via k-diffusion
click==8.1.8
    # via wandb
clip-anytorch==2.6.0
    # via k-diffusion
compel==2.0.1
    # via sdkit
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
controlnet-aux==0.0.6
    # via sdkit
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
diffusers==0.28.2
    # via
    #   compel
    #   sdkit
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
einops==0.3.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   k-diffusion
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
facexlib==0.3.0
    # via
    #   gfpgan
    #   realesrgan
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filterpy==1.4.5
    # via facexlib
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   open-clip-torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   test-tube
gfpgan==1.3.8
    # via
    #   realesrgan
    #   sdkit
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.21.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sdkit
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
    #   timm
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   test-tube
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
invisible-watermark==0.2.0
    # via sdkit
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonmerge==1.9.2
    # via k-diffusion
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via jsonmerge
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
k-diffusion==0.0.12
    # via sdkit
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.6.0
    # via
    #   k-diffusion
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lmdb==1.6.2
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   gfpgan
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via filterpy
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numba==0.61.2
    # via facexlib
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   contourpy
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   facexlib
    #   filterpy
    #   gfpgan
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   realesrgan
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sdkit
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   test-tube
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.1.1
    # via stable-diffusion-sdkit
open-clip-torch==2.0.2
    # via stable-diffusion-sdkit
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   facexlib
    #   gfpgan
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   realesrgan
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   qudida
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kornia
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-image
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via test-tube
picklescan==0.0.26
    # via sdkit
piexif==1.1.3
    # via sdkit
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   facexlib
    #   imageio
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   k-diffusion
    #   matplotlib
    #   realesrgan
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   wandb
    #   yapf
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   wandb
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via wandb
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   compel
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.4.2
    # via stable-diffusion-sdkit
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via invisible-watermark
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   albumentations
    #   basicsr
    #   gfpgan
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
realesrgan==0.3.0
    # via sdkit
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   diffusers
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sdkit
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
resize-right==0.0.2
    # via k-diffusion
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   sdkit
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   basicsr
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   k-diffusion
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via qudida
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   facexlib
    #   filterpy
    #   gfpgan
    #   k-diffusion
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchsde
sdkit==2.0.22.8
    # via -r sdkit.in
sentry-sdk==2.27.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.6
    # via wandb
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
stable-diffusion-sdkit==2.1.5
    # via sdkit
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tb-nightly==2.20.0a20250507
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   gfpgan
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   test-tube
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
test-tube==0.7.5
    # via stable-diffusion-sdkit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.15
    # via controlnet-aux
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   compel
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   facexlib
    #   gfpgan
    #   invisible-watermark
    #   k-diffusion
    #   kornia
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   realesrgan
    #   test-tube
    #   timm
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
torchdiffeq==0.2.5
    # via k-diffusion
torchmetrics==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
torchruntime==1.17.3
    # via sdkit
torchsde==0.2.6
    # via k-diffusion
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   facexlib
    #   gfpgan
    #   k-diffusion
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   realesrgan
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   clean-fid
    #   clip-anytorch
    #   facexlib
    #   gfpgan
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   k-diffusion
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   realesrgan
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
    #   transformers
trampoline==0.1.2
    # via torchsde
transformers==4.33.2
    # via
    #   compel
    #   stable-diffusion-sdkit
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qudida
    #   referencing
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.19.10
    # via k-diffusion
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
yapf==0.43.0
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   gfpgan
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
