#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile snowflake-connector-python-nightly.in
#
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
boto3==1.38.10
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
botocore==1.38.10
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
packaging==25.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
pytz==2025.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
requests==2.32.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python-nightly==2025.5.7
    # via -r snowflake-connector-python-nightly.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python-nightly
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python-nightly
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
