#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile superlinked.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   modal
    #   superlinked
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgi-correlation-id==4.3.4
    # via superlinked
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   infinity-client
    #   sigtools
beartype==0.20.2
    # via superlinked
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via superlinked
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   modal
    #   requests
    #   superlinked
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   modal
    #   nltk
    #   typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via redisvl
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via superlinked
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via instructor
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via modal
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   superlinked
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via open-clip-torch
furl==2.1.4
    # via superlinked
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via superlinked
grpclib==0.4.7
    # via modal
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via grpclib
hf-xet==1.1.0
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   infinity-client
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.31.0
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
infinity-client==0.0.76
    # via superlinked
instructor==1.8.0
    # via superlinked
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   superlinked
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via redisvl
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via redisvl
modal==0.74.31
    # via superlinked
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   grpclib
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via superlinked
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   redisvl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   superlinked
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
open-clip-torch==2.32.0
    # via superlinked
openai==1.77.0
    # via instructor
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   asgi-correlation-id
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via superlinked
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via modal
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   instructor
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   redisvl
    #   superlinked
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via superlinked
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via redis
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   infinity-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-ulid==3.0.0
    # via redisvl
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   redisvl
    #   timm
    #   transformers
redis==5.3.0
    # via redisvl
redisvl==0.5.2
    # via superlinked
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   superlinked
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   modal
    #   typer
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via superlinked
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sigtools==4.0.1
    # via synchronicity
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   asgi-correlation-id
    #   fastapi
structlog==25.3.0
    # via superlinked
superlinked==23.1.0
    # via -r superlinked.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
synchronicity==0.9.12
    # via modal
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via redisvl
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   redisvl
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
timm==1.0.15
    # via open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via modal
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.15.3
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   modal
types-cachetools==5.5.0.20240820
    # via superlinked
types-certifi==2021.10.8.3
    # via modal
types-deprecated==1.2.15.20250304
    # via superlinked
types-toml==0.10.8.20240310
    # via modal
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   modal
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   superlinked
    #   synchronicity
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via modal
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
