#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile wbcore.in
#
actdiag==3.0.0
    # via markdown-blockdiag
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
arrow==1.3.0
    # via ics
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via ics
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blockdiag==3.0.0
    # via
    #   actdiag
    #   markdown-blockdiag
    #   nwdiag
    #   seqdiag
boto3==1.35.99
    # via
    #   django-storages
    #   wbcore
botocore==1.35.99
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
cachecontrol==0.14.3
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
celery[redis]==5.5.2
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   wbcore
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via django-celery-beat
croniter==2.0.7
    # via wbcore
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via weasyprint
decorator==5.2.1
    # via fabric
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via fabric
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-reversion-compare
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via django-configurations
django==5.0.14
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-admin-inline-paginator
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-dynamic-preferences
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modeltrans
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-rest-fuzzysearch
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-reversion-compare
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   wbcore
django-admin-inline-paginator==0.4.0
    # via wbcore
django-anymail==12.0
    # via wbcore
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via wbcore
django-celery-beat==2.8.0
    # via wbcore
django-colorfield==0.11.0
    # via wbcore
django-configurations[database]==2.5.1
    # via wbcore
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via wbcore
django-dynamic-preferences==1.16.0
    # via wbcore
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via wbcore
django-filter==24.3
    # via wbcore
django-fsm==2.8.2
    # via wbcore
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
    #   wbcore
django-import-export==4.3.7
    # via wbcore
django-js-asset==3.1.2
    # via django-mptt
django-maintenance-mode==0.21.1
    # via wbcore
django-modeltrans==0.8.0
    # via wbcore
django-mptt==0.17.0
    # via wbcore
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via wbcore
django-picklefield==3.3
    # via wbcore
django-rest-fuzzysearch==0.5.1
    # via wbcore
django-reversion==5.1.0
    # via
    #   django-reversion-compare
    #   wbcore
django-reversion-compare==0.18.1
    # via wbcore
django-storages[boto3]==1.14.6
    # via wbcore
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   django-rest-fuzzysearch
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   wbcore
djangorestframework-guardian==0.3.0
    # via wbcore
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.5.0
    # via wbcore
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
fabric==3.2.2
    # via wbcore
faker==25.9.2
    # via wbcore
firebase-admin==6.8.0
    # via wbcore
fonttools[woff]==4.57.0
    # via weasyprint
funcparserlib==2.0.0a0
    # via blockdiag
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.0rc0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.20.2
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via wbcore
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
ics==0.7.2
    # via wbcore
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
igraph==0.11.8
    # via wbcore
inscriptis==1.2
    # via wbcore
invoke==2.2.0
    # via fabric
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kombu==5.5.3
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.25
    # via wbcore
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via wbcore
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.4.0
    # via inscriptis
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   markdown-blockdiag
    #   wbcore
markdown-blockdiag==0.8.0
    # via wbcore
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
nwdiag==3.0.0
    # via markdown-blockdiag
openai==1.77.0
    # via langchain-openai
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via wbcore
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   plotly
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via
    #   fabric
    #   pytest-sftpserver
persisting-theory==1.0
    # via django-dynamic-preferences
phonenumbers==8.13.55
    # via wbcore
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   blockdiag
    #   django-colorfield
    #   wbcore
    #   weasyprint
plotly==5.24.1
    # via wbcore
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via wbcore
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg[binary]==3.2.7
    # via wbcore
psycopg-binary==3.2.7
    # via psycopg
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via
    #   schwifty
    #   wbcore
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydyf==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   firebase-admin
    #   wbcore
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyphen==0.17.2
    # via weasyprint
pytest-sftpserver==1.3.0
    # via wbcore
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   croniter
    #   faker
    #   ics
    #   python-crontab
python-fsutil==0.15.0
    # via django-maintenance-mode
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via wbcore
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via wbcore
pytz==2025.2
    # via croniter
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   wbcore
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   inscriptis
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   wbcore
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via django-reversion-compare
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
rstr==3.2.2
    # via
    #   schwifty
    #   wbcore
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
schwifty==2024.11.0
    # via wbcore
seqdiag==3.0.0
    # via markdown-blockdiag
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-dynamic-preferences
    #   ics
    #   pytest-sftpserver
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via langchain
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
tablib==3.8.0
    # via django-import-export
tatsu==5.13.1
    # via
    #   ics
    #   wbcore
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
texttable==1.7.0
    # via igraph
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tinyhtml5==2.0.0
    # via weasyprint
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   openai
    #   wbcore
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dj-database-url
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wbcore==1.50.9
    # via -r wbcore.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==65.1
    # via wbcore
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via blockdiag
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
    #   tinyhtml5
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
zopfli==0.2.3.post1
    # via fonttools
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
