#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile zope.in
#
accesscontrol==7.2
    # via
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
acquisition==6.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
authencoding==6.0
    # via accesscontrol
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   webtest
    #   zope-testbrowser
btrees==6.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
cffi==1.17.1
    # via persistent
chameleon==4.6.0
    # via
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
datetime==5.5
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zope
documenttemplate==4.6
    # via zope
extensionclass==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   acquisition
    #   documenttemplate
    #   multimapping
    #   persistence
    #   zope
multimapping==5.0
    # via zope
multipart==1.2.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-publisher
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via zope
persistence==5.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zope
persistent==6.1.1
    # via
    #   btrees
    #   persistence
    #   zodb
    #   zope-container
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
python-gettext==5.0
    # via zope-i18n
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   datetime
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-testbrowser
restrictedpython==8.1a1.dev0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
roman==5.0
    # via documenttemplate
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   zope-testbrowser
transaction==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-traversing
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via beautifulsoup4
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   webtest
    #   zope
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   webtest
    #   wsgiproxy2
webtest==3.0.4
    # via zope-testbrowser
wsgiproxy2==0.5.1
    # via zope-testbrowser
z3c-pt==5.0
    # via zope
zc-lockfile==3.0.post1
    # via zodb
zconfig==4.2
    # via
    #   zodb
    #   zope
zexceptions==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
zodb==6.0.1
    # via zope
zodbpickle==4.2
    # via zodb
zope==5.13
    # via -r zope.in
zope-annotation==5.1
    # via zope-site
zope-browser==3.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-publisher
zope-browsermenu==5.1
    # via zope
zope-browserpage==5.0
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-browserresource==5.2
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-ptresource
zope-cachedescriptors==5.1
    # via
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-testbrowser
zope-component[zcml]==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-configuration==6.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-container==6.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-site
zope-contentprovider==6.0
    # via
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-contenttype==5.2
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-publisher
zope-datetime==5.1
    # via zope
zope-deferredimport==5.0
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   persistent
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
zope-deprecation==5.1
    # via
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-site
zope-dottedname==6.0
    # via zope-container
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-lifecycleevent
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-schema
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-exceptions==5.2
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-publisher
zope-filerepresentation==6.1
    # via zope-container
zope-globalrequest==2.0
    # via zope
zope-hookable==7.0
    # via zope-component
zope-i18n[zcml]==5.2
    # via
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-traversing
zope-i18nmessageid==7.0
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-size
    #   zope-tal
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   acquisition
    #   btrees
    #   datetime
    #   persistent
    #   transaction
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zexceptions
    #   zodb
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-browser
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-component
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-exceptions
    #   zope-filerepresentation
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-lifecycleevent
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-processlifetime
    #   zope-proxy
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-schema
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-size
    #   zope-tal
    #   zope-tales
    #   zope-testbrowser
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-lifecycleevent==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-site
zope-location==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-pagetemplate==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-ptresource
zope-processlifetime==3.1
    # via zope
zope-proxy==6.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-annotation
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-deferredimport
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-traversing
zope-ptresource==5.1
    # via zope
zope-publisher==7.3
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zexceptions
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-schema==7.0.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-configuration
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-filerepresentation
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-location
    #   zope-security
    #   zope-testbrowser
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-security==7.3
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zexceptions
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-i18n
    #   zope-ptresource
    #   zope-publisher
    #   zope-site
    #   zope-traversing
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-sequencesort==5.1
    # via
    #   documenttemplate
    #   zope
zope-site==5.1
    # via zope
zope-size==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-container
zope-structuredtext==5.0
    # via documenttemplate
zope-tal==5.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-pagetemplate
zope-tales==6.1
    # via
    #   zope
    #   zope-contentprovider
    #   zope-pagetemplate
zope-testbrowser==7.0.1
    # via zope
zope-testing==5.1
    # via
    #   accesscontrol
    #   zope
zope-traversing==5.1
    # via
    #   z3c-pt
    #   zope
    #   zope-browsermenu
    #   zope-browserpage
    #   zope-browserresource
    #   zope-container
    #   zope-globalrequest
    #   zope-pagetemplate
    #   zope-viewlet
zope-viewlet==5.1
    # via zope

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
